Remove the mixedType config for JSON as it has no downsides any longer (#10716)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/compatibility.md

no matter what version of Spark is used. If the nesting level is over this the JSON is considered
invalid and all values will be returned as nulls.

> Mixed types can have some problem. If an item being read could have some lines that are arrays 
> and others that are structs/dictionaries it is possible for an error will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mixed types can have some problems. If an item being read could have some lines that are arrays 
and others that are structs/dictionaries it is possible an error will be thrown.
```
